"She memorized the bluish veins on the inside of his wrist, as intricate as those sketched on the wings of wasps.",Where the Crawdads Sing,Delia Owens
"He showed me his scars, and in return he let me pretend that I had none.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"The stupid heart could not help but hope.",Pachinko,Min Jin Lee
"This was not the first speaking look that he had given me.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"As I get older, it is easier for me to imagine and appreciate many more perspectives—perspectives I may have disliked when I was much younger.",Pachinko,Min Jin Lee
"I didn’t know a sentence could be so full.",Where the Crawdads Sing,Delia Owens
"It is youth’s gift not to feel its debts.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"Humbling women seems to me a chief pastime of poets. As if there can be no story unless we crawl and weep.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"I had been old and stern for so long, carved with regrets and years like a monolith. But that was only a shape I had been poured into. I did not have to keep it.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"His eyes were brown and warm as summer earth.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"Popular people sometimes have to laugh at things they don’t find very funny, do things they don’t particularly want to, with people whose company they don’t particularly enjoy.",Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine,Gail Honeyman
"But perhaps no parent can truly see their child. When we look we see only the mirror of our own faults.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"Not ugly, but not attractive in any obvious way.",Pachinko,Min Jin Lee
"I will not be like a bird bred in a cage, I thought, too dull to fly even when the door stands open.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"A silence, in which I felt him moving deep among his memories.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"He asked only for curiosity’s sake, because it was his nature to seek out answers, to press others for their weaknesses. He wanted to see how moonish I was over him. But all the sop in me was gone.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"He was a poison snake, and I was another, and on such terms we pleased ourselves.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"I felt like a newly laid egg, all swishy and gloopy inside, and so fragile that the slightest pressure could break me.",Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine,Gail Honeyman
"There was no answer, of course. Only the air, eating my words.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"Crack the world like eggs.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"But in a solitary life, there are rare moments when another soul dips near yours, as stars once a year brush the earth. Such a constellation was he to me.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"It was a trick of his, to set a sentence out like a plate on a table and see what you would put on it.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"To shake him for every secret, as fruits are shaken from a tree.",Circe,Madeline Miller"That is one thing gods and mortals share. When we are young, we think ourselves the first to have each feeling in the world.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"His words were simple. They had no art to them, which of course was also art.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"It was as if we had found the still heart of the universe. Nothing moved except for us.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"I tried to remember the feel of Daedalus’ scars beneath my fingers, but the memories were built of air, and blew away.",Circe,Madeline Miller
"Her dark eyes glittered like shiny river stones set in a polished white surface.",Pachinko,Min Jin Lee
